2. GUI-Based Task Topic

   Importing Configuration Data

   This procedure describes how to import configuration data from template files to a plan area.

   **Prerequisite (Optional)**

   The planning or optimization template files containing the configuration data to be imported are available.





# 2. Initial Configuration

This section describes how to XXX.



## 2.1 Starting the Tool（Task topic的标题一般采用动名词+宾语结构）

**Prerequisite (Optional)**

(Describes the preparations before topic operation. Example:)

- The basic parameters are already configured.

- The local terminal is idle and the network is good.

- The local terminal supports the embedded [MCU ](#MCU)function.




**Context (Optional)**

Describes the related background information.

 

**Steps**

1    Double-click **BEConfig.exe** to open the Audio configuration tool. The **BECONFIG** window is displayed, see Figure 2‑1. 

 

Figure 2‑1 BECONFIG Window

## 2.2  Connecting a Device

1    In the **Audio Config** window, click **CONNECT**. The **CONNECT** dialog box is displayed, see Figure 2‑3.

 

Figure 2‑2 Connect Dialog Box

# 3. Music Parameter Configuration

This section describes how to configure the music play parameters.

## 3.1 Configuring the EQ

**Steps**

1    Configure the parameters as needed. For a description of the parameters, refer to Table 3‑1.

Table 3‑1 BECONFIG Window Parameter Descriptions



| Parameter                              | Description                                                  | Value Range                                               | Default Value         |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| Sampling rate                          | Mobile phone related.                                        | l   44100  l   48000                                      | 44100                 |
| Center frequency                       | Center frequency of  each segment that needs to be adjusted.   Sets the center  frequency of a segment. Up to five segments can be set. | 20 Hz–20 kHz                                              | 125 250 500 1000 2000 |
| Low-pass filter  switch                | Signals below the cutoff frequency  are allowed to pass, and signals above the cutoff frequency are not allowed  to pass. | -                                                         | 0                     |
| Low-pass filter transition zone  slope | The larger the value is, the greater  the slope is.          | l   6 dB/Oct  l   12 dB/Oct  l   18 dB/Oct  l   24 dB/Oct | 6 dB/Oct              |
| High-pass filter  switch               | Signals above the cutoff frequency  is allowed to pass, and signals below the cutoff frequency is not allowed to  pass. | -                                                         | -                     |

2    Click **Save Configuration** to write the configuration into the IC. 



|      |      |
| ---- | ---- |
|      |      |
|      |      |
|      |      |
|      |      |

 

 

 

 

# Glossary

| MCU  | Micro Control Unit  An MCU is a single Integrated Circuit (IC) that is typically  used for a specific application and designed to implement certain tasks. |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
|      |                                                              |

 



 

# Appendix 

# Rules for Procedural Writing

## 1 General Rules

**Action-based Heading.** To describe activities or suggest actions, use **task-oriented headings** that contain a **verb**—either **present tense or in gerund (-ing) form**. Present tense works well for headings that identify steps in a process. Examples:

- Adding an account 

- Add an account

- Step rule: general


## 2 GUI-Based Task Topic

### Steps Rules

1. Write short sentences. Use **a maximum of 20 words** in each sentence.

2. Write **only one instruction in each sentence** unless two or more actions occur at the same time. 

3. The **operation result** should follow the operation step. The result cannot act as a separate step and cannot be placed at the beginning of next step.

4. Write instructions in the **imperative (command) form**.

5. If you start an instruction with a descriptive statement (dependent phrase or clause), divide that statement from the command with a comma.

6. Write **notes** only to **give information, not instructions**.

7. **Limit a procedure to seven steps**, and preferably fewer. Try to fit all the steps on the same screen.[[u1\]](#_msocom_1) 

8. **Abbreviate simple sequences by using right angle brackets**. Include a space before and after each bracket, and don't make the brackets bold.

   Example: Select **Accounts** > **Other accounts** > **Add an account**.

9. When there's an **ellipsis** in UI, **don’t include it in instructions or procedures**.

**10.**  If a step is optional, add **(Optional)** at the beginning.

11. Most of the time, include actions that finalize a step, such as **OK** or **Apply** buttons.[[u2\]](#_msocom_2) 

12. For operational steps, it is recommended to use the following patterns:

- Condition + time + place + operational steps + purpose + brief information + result 

- (Optional) Purpose + time + place + operational steps + brief information + result

  Examples:

- In the XX area, select xxx. The xxx dialog box is displayed, see Figure x-x.

- In the **Path** text box, enter the path and name of the file from which you want to import the template. You can also click **Browse** to select the file.

- (Optional) To display the current settings of this link, click **Query**.

  (Note that the position of Purpose is different.)