# Style Guide最佳实践结构

## Introduction

This is the official style guide for writing XXX code. **It lists our recommended patterns, best practices, and suggested approaches for writing XXX applications.**

There are many ways to use XXX, and much of the time there is no single "right" way to do things. However, time and experience have shown that for some topics, certain approaches work better than others. In addition, many developers have asked us to provide official guidance to reduce decision fatigue.

With that in mind, **we've put together this list of recommendations to help you avoid errors, bikeshedding, and anti-patterns**. We also understand that team preferences vary and different projects have different requirements, so no style guide will fit all sizes. **You are encouraged to follow these recommendations, but take the time to evaluate your own situation and decide if they fit your needs**.

## Rule Categories

We've divided these rules into three categories:

### Priority A: Essential

**These rules help prevent errors, so learn and abide by them at all costs**. Exceptions may exist, but should be very rare and only be made by those with expert knowledge of both JavaScript and Redux.

### Priority B: Strongly Recommended

These rules have been found to improve readability and/or developer experience in most projects. Your code will still run if you violate them, but violations should be rare and well-justified. **Follow these rules whenever it is reasonably possible**.

### Priority C: Recommended

Where multiple, equally good options exist, an arbitrary choice can be made to ensure consistency. In these rules, **we describe each acceptable option and suggest a default choice**. That means you can feel free to make a different choice in your own codebase, as long as you're consistent and have a good reason. Please do have a good reason though!

## Priority A Rules: Essential

Structure: 

- Rule name
- Rule description

- Detailed Explanation

- Bad example and good example

An example is as follows:

### Do Not Mutate State

Mutating state is the most common cause of bugs in Redux applications, including components failing to re-render properly, and will also break time-travel debugging in the Redux DevTools. **Actual mutation of state values should always be avoided**, both inside reducers and in all other application code.

Use tools such as `redux-immutable-state-invariant` to catch mutations during development, and Immer to avoid accidental mutations in state updates.

<details>
    <summary>Detailed Explanation</summary>
    <p>
    It is okay to modify copies of existing values - that is a normal part of writing immutable update logic. Also, if you are using the Immer library for immutable updates, writing "mutating" logic is acceptable because the real data isn't being mutated - Immer safely tracks changes and generates immutably-updated values internally.
    </p>
</details>

```
Bad
XXX
```

```
Good
XXX
```

